Reworked Microsoft Cloud Deutschland migration documentation (#4591)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/ms-cloud-germany-transition-experience.md

> | Category | Microsoft Cloud Deutschland (Microsoft Cloud Deutschland) | Office 365 services in the new German datacenter regions |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Category | Microsoft Cloud Germany (Microsoft Cloud Deutschland) | Office 365 services in the new German datacenter regions |
```

|:-------|:-----|:-------|
| Microsoft 365 services available for subscription with just one Office 365 tenant | 15 services | 29 services <br><br> For more information, see [What is the service availability between the different Office 365 cloud service offerings?](ms-cloud-germany-transition.md#serv-avail). |
| New features | No new features will be available. | New features will be available consistent with Office 365 services. |
| Data trustee | Yes | No |
| Cross-tenant collaboration with global Office 365 tenants | No | Yes |

> | Customer data residency | Customer data will be stored solely within German data centers. | Microsoft will store the following Customer Data at rest exclusively within Germany: <ul><li> Exchange Online mailbox content (e-mail body, calendar entries, and the content of e-mail attachments) </li><li> SharePoint Online site content and the files stored within that site, and files uploaded to OneDrive for Business </li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Customer data residency | Customer data will be stored solely within German data centers. | Microsoft will store the following Customer Data at rest exclusively within Germany: <ul><li> Exchange Online mailbox content (email body, calendar entries, and the content of email attachments) </li><li> SharePoint Online site content and the files stored within that site, and files uploaded to OneDrive for Business </li></ul> |
```
